

Debug: Keywords

- Electrocardiogram (ECG/EKG)  
- Echocardiogram  
- Stress test  
- Chest X-ray  
- Complete blood count (CBC)  
- Blood chemistry profile  
- Coagulation profile  
- Pulmonary function test  
- Kidney function test  
- Liver function test  
- Urinalysis


Debug: Prompt


---
disease, history and physical examination find-
ings should be correlated with the results of 
noninvasive testing (ie, ECG, chest x-ray, trans-
thoracic echocardiogram). If there is discordance 
between the physical examination and initial 
noninvasive testing, consider further noninva-
sive (computed tomography, cardiac magnetic 
resonance imaging, stress testing) or invasive

Cerebral Stroke and neurologic deﬁcits, coma and altered mental 
status
Spinal Paraplegia
Mesenteric Abdominal pain, bowel ischemia, lactic acidosis, elevation 
of liver function test results
Renal Acute kidney injury, oliguria
Extremity Loss of pulses in /g1161 extremity, sensory or motor dysfunction
Downloaded from http://ahajournals.org by on March 14, 2025

distal flow reversals. Pulmonary systolic pressure also 
is estimated, along with qualitative evaluation of right 
ventricular (RV) size and function.7 In selected patients, 
additional testing, such as stress testing, TEE, cardiac 
catheterization, and CT or CMR imaging, might be 
indicated. However, both the performance and inter -
pretation of these diagnostic tests require meticulous

tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), 
transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) and transesoph-
ageal echocardiography (TEE), and abdominal aortic 
ultrasound all have important roles in these evaluations 
(Table 5). Selection of an imaging modality may be based 
on patient-specific factors, including hemodynamic sta-
bility, contrast allergy, renal function, and patient toler-

History and physical Establishes symptom severity, comorbidities, valve disease presence and 
severity, and presence of HF 
ECG Establishes rhythm, LV function, and presence or absence of hypertrophy
Further diagnostic testing: Information required for 
equivocal symptom status, discrepancy between 
examination and echocardiogram, further definition

2.3.4. Diagnostic Testing: Cardiac Catheterization . . e81
2.3.5. Diagnostic Testing: Exercise Testing . . . . . . e81
2.4. Basic Principles of Medical Therapy . . . . . . . . . . . . e81
2.4.1. Secondary Prevention of Rheumatic Fever e82
2.4.2. IE Prophylaxis  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . e82
2.4.3. Anticoagulation for AF in Patients With VHD e83

data acquisition at various stages of exercise. Bicycle 
exercise testing during cardiac catheterization can 
also be performed for direct measurements of pul-
monary artery wedge pressure and pulmonary pres-
sures at rest and with exercise. Simple functional 
capacity helps to quantify the patient’s symptoms. 
Changes in valve gradient should be measured,

3.2. Conventions of Measurements ........ e352
3.2.1. Computed Tomography ........ e353
3.2.2. Magnetic Resonance Imaging ... e353
3.2.3. Echocardiography ............. e354
3.2.4. Intravascular Ultrasound ....... e354
3.2.5. Abdominal Ultrasound ......... e355
4. Multidisciplinary Aortic Teams ............... e355
5. Shared Decision-Making .................... e357

Elevated venous pressure
Dyspnea on exertion, fatigue, 
ascites, edema
c-V wave indicates systolic positive wave; ERO, effective regurgitant orifice; RA, right atrial; RV, right ventricular; and TR, tricuspid regurgitation.
Downloaded from http://ahajournals.org by on March 14, 2025

sided chambers and inferior vena cava, assess 
RV systolic function, estimate pulmonary 
artery systolic pressure, and characterize any 
associated left-sided heart disease.1,2 
2a C-LD
2.  In patients with TR, invasive measurement 
of the cardiac index, right-sided diastolic 
pressures, pulmonary artery pressures, and 
pulmonary vascular resistance, as well as

Catheterization Provides measurement of intracardiac and pulmonary pressures, valve 
severity, and hemodynamic response to exercise and drugs
Further risk stratification: Information on future 
risk of the valve disease, which is important for 
determination of timing of intervention
Biomarkers Provide indirect assessment of filling pressures and myocardial damage

is made. If noninvasive testing yields inconclusive 
data, particularly in the symptomatic patient, or if 
there is a discrepancy between the noninvasive tests 
and clinical findings, a hemodynamic cardiac cath-
eterization with direct intracardiac measurements of 
transvalvular pressure gradients and cardiac output 
measurements provides valuable clinical information.

7 .2. AAS: Diagnostic Evaluation (Imaging, Laboratory Testing)
 1. Bhave NM, Nienaber CA, Clough RE, et al. Multimodality imaging of thoracic 
aortic diseases in adults. J Am Coll Cardiol Img. 2018;11:902–919.
 2. Strayer RJ, Shearer PL, Hermann LK. Screening, evaluation, and ear -
ly management of acute aortic dissection in the ED. Curr Cardiol Rev. 
2012;8:152–157 .

AS indicates aortic stenosis; AVA, aortic valve area; AVAi, aortic valve area index; AVR, aortic valve replacement; BNP , B-type natriuretic peptide; BP , blood pressure; 
DSE, dobutamine stress echocardiography ETT, exercise treadmill test; LVEF, left ventricular ejection fraction; ∆Pmean, mean systolic pressure gradient between LV

4 | Laboratory Values 
   
   
Laboratory Values  (continued)  
 Reference Range  SI Reference Intervals  
   
Coagulation:    
Partial thromboplastin time (PTT/aPTT)

1. Harter LP, Gross BH, Callen PW, et al. Ultrasonic evaluation of abdominal 
aortic thrombus. J Ultrasound Med. 1982;1:315–318.
 2. Steiner E, Rubens D, Weiss SL, et al. Sonographic examination of the ab-
dominal aorta through the left flank: a prospective study. J Ultrasound Med. 
1986;5:499–502.
 3. Owens DK, Davidson KW, Krist AH, et al. Screening for abdominal aortic

ties on noninvasive testing. Irrespective of the presenta-
tion, all patients with known or suspected VHD should 
undergo an initial meticulous history and physical ex-
amination. A detailed physical examination should be 
performed to diagnose and assess the severity of valve 
lesions. An electrocardiogram (ECG) to confirm heart 
rhythm and a chest x-ray to assess the presence or ab-

Recommendation for Diagnostic Testing: Exercise Testing for 
Chronic Primary MR
Referenced studies that support the recommendation are 
summarized in Online Data Supplement 28.
COR LOE Recommendation
2a B-NR
1.  In patients with primary MR (Stages B and 
C) and symptoms that might be attributable 
to MR, hemodynamic exercise testing 
using Doppler echocardiography or cardiac

becomes abnormal. 15,16,19,21 Thus, novel markers 
of LV systolic function, such as global longitudi-
nal strain, may be useful adjuncts in assessing LV 
function in patients with chronic MR.
7.2.2.4. Diagnostic Testing: Cardiac Catheterization
Left ventriculography and hemodynamic measurements 
are useful when clinical assessment and noninvasive

of valve disease, or assessing response of the 
ventricles and pulmonary circulation to load and to 
exercise
Chest x-ray Important for the symptomatic patient; establishes heart size and presence 
or absence of pulmonary vascular congestion, intrinsic lung disease, and 
calcification of aorta and pericardium
TEE Provides high-quality assessment of mitral and prosthetic valve, including
---
A. Record: 
Patient: John Smith
Age: 58, Male
Medical History: Diabetes; multivessel coronary artery disease with left anterior descending (LAD) involvement
Vital Signs: BP 140/85 mmHg, HR 80 bpm
Laboratory Findings: Hemoglobin 9.0 g/dL
Preoperative Workup: Basic clinical assessment, coronary angiography
 
B. Task: Identify unavailable preoperative tests.
C. Answer:



Debug: Response

I don't know.