Okay, we have a beautiful announcement to make.
It's very exciting.
Money is pouring in.
We want to keep it that way.
And I think this was going to happen.
We have a tremendous interest in our country,
more than ever before.
There's never been anything like it.
We're almost at a $4 trillion level.
And that's something that's never happened.
And I think, hopefully, it's because of the election in November 5th,
but it's also because of tariffs, I suspect, governor.
But I'm thrilled to welcome Louisiana Governor Jeff Lander,
a friend of mine for a long time,
and to have you at the White House.
And we thought this was going to happen.
And I said, if you get it signed up, we'll do it at the White House.
And you got it all done.
I'm proud of you.
I'm not surprised.
Thank you, Chairman, of Hyundai Motor Group, Jung E. Sun.
Thank you very much.
I want a great honor.
Vice Chairman, Jay Chang.
Jay, thank you.
Hyundai Steel President, Sue Gang-Hian.
Thank you.
Thank you very much, President.
That's big stuff.
And former ambassador, Sung Kim.
Thank you very much.
Great honor to have all of you.
Also, and these names are much less difficult for me.
But I think we got them right.
But this one, we will definitely get right.
Mike Johnson, our great speaker.
And he's been doing a real job.
Right, Mike?
It's an easy job, isn't it?
No.
House majority leader, Steve Scalice.
Steve.
I'm doing all right, Steve.
You went through a lot.
And he's stronger than ever.
Louisiana speaker.
Philip Duvalier.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Senate President Cameron Henry.
State Representative Ken Brass.
State Senator Annie Lambert.
And Ascension Paris President Clint Cointment.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you very much.
Great honor.
Great to have you with us.
Today, we're delighted to report that Hyundai is announcing a major
$5.8 billion investment in American manufacturing.
In particular, Hyundai will be building a brand new steel plant
in Louisiana, which will produce more than 2.7 million metric
tons of steel a year, creating more than 1,400 jobs for American
steel workers.
And then there'll be major expansion after that.
This will be Hyundai's first ever steel mill in the United States,
one of the largest companies in the world, by the way,
supplying steel for its auto parts and auto plants in Alabama and Georgia,
which will soon produce more than 1 million American made cars every single year.
The cars are coming into this country at levels never seen before.
Get ready.
This investment is a clear demonstration that tariffs very strongly work.
And I hope other things also, but the tariffs are bringing them in at
levels that have not been witnessed.
Hyundai will be producing steel in America and making its cars in America
and as a result, they'll not have to pay any tariffs.
There are no tariffs if you make your product in America.
So it's something that's why so many people are coming.
As you know, we have from Taiwan, the biggest chip manufacturer in the world
is coming in with $200 billion.
And we have a lot of people coming and plants coming and companies coming
that never would have been here and never would have even thought about it.
The new steel plant in Louisiana is part of an even larger $21 billion investment.
Hyundai will be making in the United States over the next couple of years.
The company will also be massively increasing its auto manufacturing in Georgia
and investing billions of dollars in advanced American technology companies.
And what I'd like to do is I'd like to ask the executive chairman to say a few words
and it's a great honor to have Hyundai a truly great company.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Thank you very much, Mr. President.
Thank you for giving me this opportunity to speak here today.
And thank you for your invitation.
And congratulations on the remarkable start to your new term.
It's been good.
So Hyundai will enter the U.S. 1986.
Since then, we have invested over $20 billion.
And now support more than 570,000 American jobs across all 15 Asian states.
Today, I'm pleased to announce an additional $21 billion in a new investment
over the next four years.
Our largest U.S. invest ever.
A key part of this commitment is our $6 billion investment
to strengthen the U.S. supply chain from steel and parts to automobiles.
We are especially excited about Hyundai's steel, a multi-billion investment in a new facility in Louisiana,
which will create 1,300 American jobs.
And severe as the foundation for a more self-reliant and secure automotive supply chain in the U.S.
To mark this milestone, we are honored to visit President Trump alongside Governor Landrieg and Speaker Johnson and leader Scalis.
Deepening our partnership with the United States and reinforcing our share vision for American industrial leadership.
And this week, we are also proud to open our new $8 billion auto plant in Georgia.
With this, our U.S. vehicle production will exceed 1 million units per year, as President mentioned.
Our decision to invest in Savannah, Georgia, creating more than 8,500 American jobs,
was initiated during my meeting with President Trump in Seoul in 2019.
And after that, 2020 in Dallas, I mentioned about the new plant.
So, American jobs was initiated during at the time.
Now, as we proudly mark the completion of this transformative project in co-incited insights with the beginning of President Trump's second term,
making this moment even more special.
Thank you.
Furthermore, HMG will purchase $3 billion worth of U.S. LNG to support America's energy industry and enhance our energy security.
All of this efforts will accelerate the localization of our supply chain in the U.S. expand our operations and grow our American workforce.
With your leadership, Mr. President, Hyundai Motor Group is proud to be stronger partners in America's industrial future.
I'd like to personally invite you to visit one of our state-of-art manufacturing facilities and see first-hand our commitment to the United States and our American workers.
So, thank you to our American partners and employees and communities.
We are really proud to stand with you and proud to build the future together.
Thank you.
I thought maybe we have our great speaker and we have two very good friends, Mike and Steve.
You come from a certain state that we're talking about right now that we love and I've done very well there.
I've always won by a lot.
I love that state, so I was happy to hear about it.
That's why I said, come on over.
But, Mike, would you and Steve like to say a few words, please?
Thank you, Mr. President.
We're excited.
It was mentioned earlier, what a great start we've had to your second term and we're just getting started.
Everyone should know that.
We're going to be more of this because it's the policies that are bringing about the great growth and it's about leadership.
And we have a strong new leader back in the White House and it makes a big difference because everybody around the world is seeing that and everyone around the country is applauding it.
We were on district work period last week and Steve Scalisa and our colleagues were traveling around the country doing campaign events, raising money, doing all the things that are necessary to ensure that we keep the House majority for the Republican Party.
And I'll just tell you, I was in multiple states over the last week and everywhere I went, Mr. President, people are excited.
There's this great sense of relief almost euphoria out there because they know that America's back.
This is the America first agenda.
We're so grateful for these great friends with Hyundai to invest in Louisiana.
We have extraordinary leadership on the state level and leadership makes a big difference.
We're so grateful to be a part of this.
We want to tell you all this is a great investment in Louisiana and in America.
More to come.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Thank you again, Mr. President, for opening up the White House to this great group.
Governor Landry has brought the same kind of energy to the governor's mansion in Louisiana that President Trump has brought to the nation in the White House.
Some people marvel at President Trump's stamina over the weekend, both Saturday and Sunday.
So I phone on some different legislative initiatives that we're working on with Speaker Johnson to continue moving the agenda forward.
Those very things that President Trump ran on, he's delivered for the American people.
And this announcement by Hyundai is one more example of how that agenda that President Trump ran on to make America first again is working for the American people.
When you talk about 1300 plus really good jobs in Louisiana, those are all American workers.
That's billions of investment coming in from Hyundai into the United States that would not have been here without President Trump's leadership.
And I think people know that they see it.
It's been a long time coming, but we applaud the work that Hyundai is doing with Governor Landry to come to our state.
But for President Trump, we're seeing this all across the nation and we're just getting started.
A lot more to come, Mr. President.
Thank you.
Do you have any questions, please?
The size of the investment partly because of tariffs.
On April 2nd, the reciprocal tariffs will go into effect.
Is it truly reciprocal? Are there some countries that might get a break or some sectors that might get a break?
Well, I may give a lot of countries breaks, but it's reciprocal, but we might be even nicer than that.
You know, we've been very nice to a lot of countries for a long time.
But I call it Liberation Day.
April 2nd is Liberation Day.
But today, you know, we did something with respect to Venezuela.
You heard about that.
And that will be quite important.
We'll be announcing some additional tariffs over the next few days.
Having to do with automobiles, cars, and having also to do a little bit with lumber down the road, lumber, and chips.
We're going to get all those chip companies coming back.
They're already coming back without even doing it.
So it's been very good, but we'll be announcing some others.
But for the most part, April 2nd will be a big day.
That'll be reciprocal day.
And we'll be bringing some of the money back that's been taken from us.
Let's be nice by using the word taken.
I don't want to use a stronger word because these guys are professional politicians.
And they don't like to hear those words.
I refuse to use the word stolen from us, but that's a...
The country is mutually bring down tariffs.
Are you seeing that in a good way?
Oh, I tap it well.
European Union lowered their tariffs to 2.5%.
We were only at 2.5% for cars, which is very low.
And as you probably heard, that European Union lowered their number from much higher than that.
Many, many times, our surprise to 2.5%.
So that was good.
But I don't know that I expect that.
It's up to them.
But we have reciprocal tariffs.
Mr. President, you're reacting to the story, the Atlantic,
that said that some of your top cabin officials and aides have been discussing very sensitive material through a signal
and included an Atlantic report for that.
What is your response to that in our opinion?
I don't know anything about it.
I'm not a big fan of the Atlantic.
To me, it's a magazine that's going out of business.
I think it's not much of a magazine.
But I know nothing about it.
You're saying that they had what?
They were using signal to ordinate on sensitive materials.
Having to do with what?
How many to do with what?
What were they talking about?
With the hoodies.
The hoodies, you mean the attack on the hoodies?
Yes.
Well, it couldn't have been very effective because the attack was very effective.
I can tell you that.
I don't know anything about it.
You're telling me about it for the first time.
As an analyst, I'm on Monday.
It's announced on Monday.
Is this a blueprint for you for other automakers to come to the United States
to do what Hyundai was doing and investing so much in Louisiana
and creating this new job?
Absolutely.
That's a nice question from you.
That's a shocking question.
How nice it is.
That's okay.
That's a question that's a good question.
Actually, yeah.
Hyundai is a great company.
We have other great companies coming in.
We have some that are going to be staying here and very much expanding.
And we have a tremendous interest in every business.
I can't just say automobiles, but automobiles is a big one.
And yeah, this is the beginning of a lot of things happening.
We've had, as you know, apples that adds to $500 billion investment
and other companies have announced $250, $300 billion.
But we're well into the $3 and $4 trillion mark,
which has never happened to our country before.
What it really means is jobs.
All we care about is jobs, right?
We care about quality and quality of life and safety and security,
but we care about jobs.
And they're going to have a lot.
We have a lot of people coming in.
Go to the military.
Go to the military.
Go to the military.
Go ahead.
That's a good question.
Go ahead.
Fine.
How do you convince Hyundai to come to your great state?
How do you convince Hyundai to come to Louisiana?
It was easy.
I told them we were going to have a great president this year, right?
Look, again, I think that this is America
and seeing the America First Policy in action, right?
It's not just promises.
It's about action.
And not only did, and I appreciate their patience
because all last year, many of these legislators
are speaking the Senate president.
We worked on making Louisiana as friendly for business
as the president is making America.
We worked on public safety.
We worked on educational reform.
Which a president has been working on.
We worked on tax reform, historic tax reform.
And what I can tell you is to echo what the president said.
In Louisiana right now, I believe before the summer's over,
we'll have $50 billion worth of construction projects going on
in Louisiana.
That is a record, Mr. President.
It has never happened under any other president,
on any other administration.
And I can only look at the leadership that he has brought,
not only to the White House, but to the world as well.
And so to have these executives come here and say,
hey, we want to invest in America,
because for decades now, what Americans have seen
is jobs being off-shored rather than on-shored.
And today's announcement is exactly that.
This is a message for all America that this president
and their governors out there care about the American worker.
Mr. President, I have to tell you that if you have any trouble
getting permits, which you won't, come see me.
I'll get them for you immediately.
All right.
But you're not going to have any trouble.
We had, when I first got involved in this world of politics,
when I went down to Louisiana, you know,
the two big LNG plants.
And they were stuck for 14 years.
They tried to get permits.
And these were $12 billion.
And I think $15 billion plants.
And they were working on for 14 years.
In one case, I think 13 or 14 in the other.
And I was able to get them in less than a week.
And they were shocked.
And probably some consultant got a lot of money for doing it.
But nobody spoke to me about it.
Other than this gentleman at the time, he mentioned it.
And he did.
They were in very much different positions.
But they wanted to see if we could break the log jam.
And I got it done.
And in one case, I actually got it done in one day.
And the other case, I didn't do as well.
It took a full week.
And they built.
And they're up in the very successful now.
That was a long time ago.
But we got it done immediately.
You'll have no trouble getting your permits.
You're dealing with the top of the line.
OK?
But just in case.
Barbara.
Are you guys male tariffs that you announced earlier today?
Yes.
Is that 25% for any country that does business?
That's right.
Ben as well.
If they buy their oil from Venezuela,
they have to pay a 25% tariff to do business
with the United States.
Is that on top of existing tariffs?
So for example, China.
Yes.
That would be on top.
And it would be existing.
That's on top of existing tariffs.
Yes.
So also, next week, April 2nd, as you said,
Liberation Day.
Is that going to be sector tariffs as well as reciprocal tariffs?
It's going to be everything.
Yeah.
It's going to be everything.
But not all tariffs are included that day.
For instance, we'll do some.
As you know, we have already done steel and aluminum.
And that's at a 25% level.
And we are going to be doing automobiles,
which you've known about for a long time.
We'll be announcing that fairly soon.
Over the next few days, probably.
And then April 2nd comes.
That'll be reciprocal tariffs.
But we may take less than what they're charging,
because they've charged us so much.
I don't think they could take it.
In other words, they've charged us so much
that I'm embarrassed to charge them
what they've charged us.
But it'll be substantial.
And you'll be hearing about that on April 2nd.
And it will be Liberation Day,
because we'll be taking in large amounts of money
for our country.
And that's lower taxes and all other things
that are good.
And jobs.
A lot of jobs.
The big corporate clients of the big law firms
that you've targeted with your executive orders.
Do you want those big corporate clients
to find new lawyers?
I just think that the law firms
have to behave themselves.
And we've proven that.
We have others that want to make a settlement also.
They're having to do with the election
and other things.
They behave very badly, very wrongly.
And I appreciate the one.
You know, these are the biggest firms.
And they all came back realizing
that they did wrong.
And that's why they're doing this.
So I just think they have to behave.
We have to straighten out our country.
We have to straighten out our elections.
Our elections are very dishonest, very corrupt.
And we have to straighten it out.
And it's so easy to do it.
And we should go to paper ballots.
We should go to one day voting.
We should go to voter ID.
And just one other thing.
Proof of a thing called citizenship
in the United States.
Wouldn't that be nice?
How simple does that sound?
Proof of citizenship.
Voter ID.
One day voting and paper ballots.
You know, paper ballots are very secure.
They have watermarked papers.
It's very, actually, it's very intricate stuff.
It's very technologically advanced,
even though it's paper.
And you'd have no trouble.
You wouldn't have dishonest elections.
And you'd have them all done by 10 o'clock in the evening.
You know, France went to that.
And not that I want to copy anybody.
But many others have also.
And they had 38 million votes.
And it was all done at 10 o'clock.
They had a winner.
They had a loser.
That was it.
Nobody was complaining.
And they had it backed up with paper.
And it's so easy to do.
The other thing you'd save about this would cost you about 8%
of what the machines cost.
So the paper would be much less expensive.
So if you're looking to save some money,
that's a good way to save it.
So it's a shame that we've gone through it.
We've gone through a bad election,
a really bad election.
The election was so bad.
And think of it.
You wouldn't have had the October 7th disaster with Israel.
You wouldn't have had Russia and Ukraine,
because that would have never happened.
You wouldn't have had inflation.
You wouldn't have had the type of withdrawal from Afghanistan
that you witnessed, which was probably one of the primary reasons
that Russia went into Ukraine.
They saw that mess.
How badly it was handled.
They said, well, this is a paper tiger.
I was handled by incompetent people.
But we would have been out.
But we would have kept Bogrum, the big airbase,
which is one hour away from China,
where they make their nuclear weapons.
It would have been nice to have it.
But now, you know, who has it?
Now China has it.
And so an honest election.
And we wouldn't have had inflation.
You know, you had the record-setting inflation.
We wouldn't have had inflation.
I want to thank everybody for being here.
I want to congratulate Hyundai, a great company.
And we will do everything possible.
And I will say you picked a fantastic state.
You really went with tremendous people and tremendous leaders.
And Speaker, I want to thank you for doing a great job.
You and Steve.
Thank you very much.
Appreciate it, Steve.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you, everybody.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much, everybody.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much, everybody.
If you get a break on that, would you let us know, please?
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
